---
layout: doc
title: contour
categories: docs
excerpt: A nicer matplotlib graph visualizer and contour plot
tags: [module]
weight: 3
---
<a name="contour"></a>

# [contour]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ page.url }}#contour)

Two functions based on _matplotlib_ for generating nicer looking graphs

This is the only module that depends on anything besides _networkx_, as it depends on _numpy_, _scipy_ and _matplotlib_ as well.




The contour module provides the following functions:

<ul class="post-list">
<li><article><a href="#graphDensityContourPlot"><b>graphDensityContourPlot</b>(<i>G, iters=50, layout=None, layoutScaleFactor=1, overlay=False, nodeSize=10, axisSamples=100, blurringFactor=0.1, contours=15, graphType='coloured'</i>)</a></article></li>
<li><article><a href="#quickVisual"><b>quickVisual</b>(<i>G, showLabel=False</i>)</a></article></li>
</ul>
<hr style="padding: 0;border: none;border-width: 3px;height: 20px;color: #333;text-align: center;border-top-style: solid;border-bottom-style: solid;">

<a name="graphDensityContourPlot"></a><small>contour.</small>**[<ins>graphDensityContourPlot</ins>]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ page.url }}#graphDensityContourPlot)**(_G, iters=50, layout=None, layoutScaleFactor=1, overlay=False, nodeSize=10, axisSamples=100, blurringFactor=0.1, contours=15, graphType='coloured'_):

Creates a 3D plot giving the density of nodes on a 2D layout as a surface in 3 dimensions.

Most of the options are for tweaking the final appearance. _layout_ and _layoutScaleFactor_ allow a pre-layout graph to be provided. If a layout is not provided the [networkx.**spring_layout**()](https://networkx.github.io/documentation/latest/reference/generated/networkx.drawing.layout.spring_layout.html) is used after _iters_ iterations. Then, once the graph has been laid out a grid of _axisSamples_ cells by _axisSamples_ cells is overlaid and the number of nodes in each cell is determined. This then forms a surface in 3-space, gaussian blur is applied with a sigma of _blurringFactor_. The surface is then be plotted.

###### Parameters

_G_ : `networkx Graph`

 The graph to be plotted

_iters_ : `optional [int]`

 Default `50`, the number of iterations for the spring layout if _layout_ is not provided.

_layout_ : `optional [networkx layout dictionary]`

 Default `None`, if provided will be used as a layout of the graph, the maximum distance from the origin along any axis must also given as _layoutScaleFactor_, which is by default `1`.

_layoutScaleFactor_ : `optional [double]`

 Default `1`, The maximum distance from the origin allowed along any axis given by _layout_, i.e. the layout must fit in a square centered at the origin with side lengths 2 * _layoutScaleFactor_

_overlay_ : `optional [bool]`

 Default `False`, if `True` the graph will be plotted on the X-Y plane at Z = 0.

_nodeSize_ : `optional [double]`

 Default `10`, the size of the nodes dawn in the overlay

_axisSamples_ : `optional [int]`

 Default 100, the number of cells used along each axis for sampling. A larger number will mean a lower average density.

_blurringFactor_ : `optional [double]`

 Default `0.1`, the sigma value used for smoothing the surface density. The higher this number the smoother the surface.

_contours_ : `optional [int]`

 Default 15, the number of different heights drawn. If this number is low the resultant image will look very banded. It is recommended this be raised above `50` if you want your images to look good, **Warning** this will make them much slower to generate and interact with.

_graphType_ : `optional [str]`

 Default `'coloured'`, if `'coloured'` the image will have a destiny based colourization applied, the only other option is `'solid'` which removes the colourization.


<hr style="padding: 0;border: none;border-width: 3px;height: 20px;color: #333;text-align: center;border-top-style: solid;border-bottom-style: solid;">

<a name="quickVisual"></a><small>contour.</small>**[<ins>quickVisual</ins>]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ page.url }}#quickVisual)**(_G, showLabel=False_):

just makes a simple matplotlib figure and displays it, with each node coloured by its type. You can add labels with _showLabel_.

###### Parameters

_showLabel_ : `optional [bool]`

 Default `False`, if `True` labels will be added to the nodes giving their IDs.



{% include docsFooter.md %}