---
layout: doc
title: Grant
categories: docs
excerpt: The base for all the other Grants
tags: [class]
weight: 2
---
<a name="Grant"></a>
<a name="Grant"></a><small></small>**[<ins>Grant</ins>]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ page.url }}#Grant)**(_<a href="#Record"><u style="border-bottom: .5px dashed gray;">Record</u></a>, MutableMapping_):

<a name="Grant.__init__"></a><small></small>**[<ins>Grant.__init__</ins>]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ page.url }}#Grant.__init__)**(_original, grantdDict, idValue, bad, error, sFile='', sLine=0_):

A dictionary with error handling and an id string.

`Record` is the base class of the all objects in _metaknowledge_ that contain information as key-value pairs, these are the grants and the records from different sources.

The error handling of the `Record` is done with the `bad` attribute. If there is some issue with the data _bad_ should be `True` and _error_ given an `Exception` that was caused by or explains the error.

##### Customizations

`Record` is a subclass of `abc.collections.Mapping` which means it has almost all the methods a dictionary does, the missing ones are those that modify entries. So to access the value of the key `'title'` from a `Record` `R`, you would use either the square brace notation `t = R['title']` or the `get()` function `t = R.get('title')` just like a dictionary. The other methods like `keys()` or `copy()` also work.

In addition to being a mapping `Records` are also hashable with their hashes being based on a unique id string they are given on creation, usually some kind of accession number the source gives them. The two optional arguments _sFile_ and _sLine_, which should be given the name of the file the records came from and the line it started on respectively, are used to make the errors more useful.

##### \_\_Init\_\_

_fieldDict_ is the dictionary the `Record` will use and _idValue_ is the unique identifier of the `Record`.

##### Parameters

_fieldDict_ : `dict[str:]`

 A dictionary that maps from strings to values

_idValue_ : `str`

 A unique identifier string for the `Record`

_bad_ : `bool`

 `True` if there are issues with the `Record`, otherwise `False`

_error_ : `Exception`

 The `Exception` that caused whatever error made the record be marked as bad or `None`

_sFile_ : `str`

 A string that gives the source file of the original records

_sLine_ : `int`

 The first line the original record is found on in the source file


<h3>
The Grant class has the following methods:</h3>

<ol class="post-list">
<li><article><a href="#getInvestigators"><b>getInvestigators</b>(<i>tags=None, seperator=';'</i>)</a></article></li>
<li><article><a href="#getInstitutions"><b>getInstitutions</b>(<i>tags=None, seperator=';'</i>)</a></article></li>
<li><article><a href="#update"><b>update</b>(<i>other</i>)</a></article></li>
</ol>
<hr style="padding: 0;border: none;border-width: 3px;height: 20px;color: #333;text-align: center;border-top-style: solid;border-bottom-style: solid;">

<a name="getInvestigators"></a><small>Grant.</small>**[<ins>getInvestigators</ins>]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ page.url }}#getInvestigators)**(_tags=None, seperator=';'_):

Returns a list of the names of investigators. This is done by looking (in order) for any of fields in _tags_ and splitting the strings on _seperator_. If no strings are found an empty list will be returned.

*Note* for some Grants `getInvestigators` has been overwritten and will ignore the arguments and simply provide the investigators.

###### Parameters

_tags_ : `optional list[str]`

 A list of the tags to look for investigators in

_seperator_ : `optional str`

 The string that separators each investigators name  within the column

###### Returns

`list [str]`

 A list of all the found investigator's names


<hr style="padding: 0;border: none;border-width: 3px;height: 20px;color: #333;text-align: center;border-top-style: solid;border-bottom-style: solid;">

<a name="getInstitutions"></a><small>Grant.</small>**[<ins>getInstitutions</ins>]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ page.url }}#getInstitutions)**(_tags=None, seperator=';'_):

Returns a list of the names of institutions. This is done by looking (in order) for any of fields in _tags_ and splitting the strings on _seperator_ (in case of multiple institutions). If no strings are found an empty list will be returned.

*Note* for some Grants `getInstitutions` has been overwritten and will ignore the arguments and simply provide the investigators.

###### Parameters

_tags_ : `optional list[str]`

 A list of the tags to look for institutions in

_seperator_ : `optional str`

 The string that separators each institutions name within the column

###### Returns

`list [str]`

 A list of all the found institution's names


<hr style="padding: 0;border: none;border-width: 3px;height: 20px;color: #333;text-align: center;border-top-style: solid;border-bottom-style: solid;">

<a name="update"></a><small>Grant.</small>**[<ins>update</ins>]({{ site.baseurl }}{{ page.url }}#update)**(_other_):

Adds all the tag-entry pairs from _other_ to the `Grant`. If there is a conflict _other_ takes precedence.

###### Parameters

_other_ : `Grant`

 Another `Grant` of the same type as _self_



{% include docsFooter.md %}